### If we look at yesterday's code,
I'm not too happy with the compile-then-run method for the program. Moreover, with that method I am a little bit confused with how to exclude the binary from the repo (using `.gitignore`, I know, but...)

And then there is `cargo`, a package manager and build system for Rust. Let's take a look! Cargo is installed with Rust, so if we have no problem running `rustc`, we should have no problem running `cargo`.

### Start a new project
Let's start a new project with `cargo` using the following command in your shell:
```
cargo new stdio_example --bin
```

A little bit about the command:
- `cargo new` is pretty straightforward; that means we want to start a new Rust project using `cargo`.
- `stdio_example` is the name of the project we want to create. You can replace it with other name you want. I named this project `stdio_example` because I want to create a stdio example in this day. (more on that later....).
- `--bin` is an argument we pass to indicate that the project is a binary (executable) program; if we make a library, we should not pass this argument.

After the command executed, we can see a line indicating the command had been successfully run:
```
Created binary (application) `stdio_example` project
```

Let's check out what `cargo` generated for us:
```
.
├── Cargo.toml
└── src
    └── main.rs
```

Now let's take a look at `Cargo.toml`. This is a **manifest** that contains all metadata for our project. If you are familiar with `maven`, this is sort of like it. What is in `Cargo.toml`?
```
[package]
name = "stdio_example"
version = "0.1.0"
authors = ["Luqman Abdul Mushawwir <abdulmushawwir@gmail.com>"]

[dependencies]
```

The `src` directory is where your source code should be. For now, `cargo` created `main.rs` for you, because we passed the `--bin` argument before. The `main.rs` contained a sample `Hello world` program than we can build.
```rust
fn main() {
    println!("Hello, world!");
}
```

### Compiling and running the program
We can use the same approach as before: compiling then running the program manually. Use this command to **only build** the project:
```
cargo build
    Compiling stdio_example v0.1.0 (file:///media/umanium/data/mint-projects/rust_projects/rust_100_days/01-cargo_and_stdio/stdio_example)
    Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 2.91 secs
```

Then we can run it:
```
./target/debug/stdio_example
    Hello, world!
```

But then, it would be same as before. We can also build and then run it using `cargo run`:
```
cargo run
    Compiling stdio_example v0.1.0 (file:///media/umanium/data/mint-projects/rust_projects/rust_100_days/01-cargo_and_stdio/stdio_example)
    Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 1.58 secs
    Running `target/debug/stdio_example`
Hello, world!

```

Cool, isn't it?

### The .gitignore
Now that we use cargo, we can create our `.gitignore` to exclude the build programs from our repository. Let's exclude the `target` directory from our repository because it will be generated by cargo:
```
/target/
```

### Now, the program
Okay, so in this day #2, I want to try the standard I/O of rust. You know, just print and read something from the terminal. For writing, we can use use `print` or `println`. We use `println` if we want to print with new line at the end of our string.

Reading, we can use `std::io::stdin` to get input from terminal. This is an example to read an input from your terminal:
```rust
let mut name = String::new();
stdin().read_line(&mut name)
    .expect("Failed to read line");
```

The program snippet will read input from your terminal and store it in `name` variable. You can see the whole code in `src/main.rs`. Now run it and let it blow your mind!

No? Okay. See you tomorrow with day #3!

*In today 100 days of Rust, I was accompanied with this awesome album named `Painkiller` from `LOMO`, you can check it out [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-AJLOH6o8w)*